old man old man
What's the noise?
Something big can happen
Hey, just Sisi Xiaoxiao
Didn't he run away from home before?
He seems to be some kind of musician now
It's a hit online.
It is said that you can earn at least several million a year
This dead girl
Earn that much money in a year
I don't know filial piety and filial piety to Lao Tzu
It's really free to raise him so big, Dad
I've heard that it's now possible to make money as a music producer.
And you see, little sister has so many fans
He'll give us a million or two at will
It was a good day.
But we told you that before, dead girl.
He can give me so much money
Mom, don't worry.
Broken bones and tendons
Besides, you're fucking related
If he dares not to give it to us, he will go to his company to make trouble
See if he dares not to